This addon gives speed bonuses and penalties to various outfits.

There are three parts to this addon.

1. Outfit Speed
Light armors like jackets, Sunrise suits and LC suits receive anywhere from a 5-10% increase in movement speed. 
Exoskeletons, exosuits and some heavy armors get anywhere from a 5-13% decrease in movement speed. 
Other armors like SEVA, SSP, SKAT are untouched (they are balanced compared to exos by carryweight, but I can tweak this if desired). 
This is completely configurable using outfit_speeds.ltx. 
The speed modifier is displayed in outfit stats.

2. Active item affects speed (Toggleable)
Having a knife, axe, or handgun out confers an 8% sprint speed bonus.
Having a submachinegun out confers a 4% bonus.
Other weapons or items will either confer no bonus or slow the player down depending on weight, up to -8%.

3. Encumbrance affects speed (Toggleable)
The actor's total encumbrance (carried weight / max possible weight) affects their movespeed, like in Dark Souls.
Under 25% total weight, the actor moves 8% faster.
Above 70% weight, the actor moves 8% slower.
Above 100% weight, the actor moves 16% slower.
These bonuses and penalties are halved with exoskeletons.


V1.2.1
- Adjusted the formula for encumbrance.
V1.2
- Mainlined encumbrance as MCM option. Reworked formula for weapon speed (now gives penalty based on weapon weight).
V1.1.7
- Nerfed exosuit sprint speed (it's heavy after all). Added encumbrance addon as an optional goodie.
V1.1.6
- Some internal cleanup. Buffed base speed of Nosorog to match that of exoskeletons. Nerfed exo sprint speed by 10%, 20 for Nosorogs.
V1.1.5
- Monkey patched out dependency on utils_ui. Fixed bugs in speed.script, clamped minimum movement speed to be walking speed.
V1.1.4
- Small fix for crash on holster.
V1.1.3
- Refactor to be more modular. Update for 1.5.1.
V1.1.2
- Fix crash when removing outfits. Added speed reduction to exosuits.
V1.1.1
- Refactor to remove dependency on modifying outfit.ltx files. Compatibility with speed modification in my Powered Exos addon.
V1.1 
- Pistol and knife make you sprint 10% faster. Patch for exos updated to reflect 1.3.1 changes.